**Solve.Care Developer Program Terms and Conditions**

Welcome to Solve.Care's developer program ("Developer Program")!  

We are excited that you're here. Our intent is to maintain a vibrant software development community. We require that all users who develop on the Solve.Care platform adhere to these terms.

These terms ("**Terms**") apply to participation in the Developer Program and form a legal agreement between you ("**you**" or "**Developer**") and Solve.Care, Inc. ("**Solve.Care**", "**we**", "**our**", or "**us**"), so please read them carefully. If you are entering into these Terms on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity, then "you" or "**Developer**" means that entity, and you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity to these Terms. Please ensure you have that authority, since otherwise you may not accept these Terms or use the Developer Resources. Solve.Care may modify these Terms from time to time, subject to Section 19 (Changes to Terms) below. By clicking "I agree" (or a similar button) or by accessing or using the Developer Resources, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. **Introduction**. Our Developer Resources help you build add-ons and features that extend, augment or complement the Solve.Care Platform. The "Developer Resources" are the APIs, SDKs, sample code, Developer Accounts, command line interfaces, tokens, credentials and other resources we provide as part of the Developer Program. The "Solve.Care Platform" is our Blockchain based, decentralized platform offering and related software, which we provide under separate terms ("Solve.Care Terms of Service").
1. **How These Terms Apply.** These Terms apply if you use our Developer Resources to build or manage Care Networks. Any use of the Solve.Care Platform itself (including our standard tools and APIs that help you configure usage or retrieve your data) remains subject to the Solve.Care Platform License Terms, not these Terms.
1. **Registration.** To access or use the Developer Resources, you need to complete any registration or credentialing requirements established by Solve.Care.
1. **Use of Developer Resources.** Subject to these Terms, you may use the Developer Resources to enable your Care Networks to interface with the Solve.Care Platform. Your use is subject to the developer documentation currently available on the Solve.Care Github site or otherwise provided by Solve.Care ("Developer Documentation"), which is considered part of the Developer Resources. Your rights are limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable. You may permit your agents and contractors to exercise your rights on your behalf, provided you remain responsible for their compliance with these Terms.
1. **Developer Account**. Solve.Care may offer test or sandbox accounts as part of the Developer Program ("Developer Accounts"), which you may use only for internal development or testing of your Care Networks as part of your rights in Section 4 (Use of Developer Resources). 

You are responsible for maintaining your Solve.Care Account credentials secure for your use only. You agree to notify Solve.Care of any known unauthorized use of your Solve.Care account. Because Developer Accounts are for development or testing purposes only, you may not use personally identifiable or production data with Developer Accounts (and no End User Data). Solve.Care has no security, privacy or other responsibility for data contained in Developer Accounts and may access, modify or delete such data at any time for any reason. You may not provide access to your Developer Accounts to anyone else. Developer Accounts may be subject to additional usage restrictions as set forth from time to time in the Developer Documentation.

1. **Content.** Solve.Care may provide you with the ability to use or download certain Content and/or may be available to a limited audience, or with other limits. You further agree that when you receive additional Content from Solve.Care, such Content is provided for information use only, and not for any other purpose. Your access to additional Content or resources may be suspended or terminated in the event of abuse. The Content may come bundled with, or otherwise include or be distributed with, third party software licensed by a Solve.Care supplier and/or open-source software provided under an open-source license. Copyright to third party software is held by the copyright holders indicated in the third-party license terms. The Content is subjected to intellectual property rights, and all rights, title, and interest in and to the Content belong to Solve.Care or its suppliers. Solve.Care’s trademarks may be used publicly only with permission from Solve.Care. Fair use of Solve.Care’s trademarks in advertising and promotion of Solve.Care products requires proper acknowledgment. 
1. **Access Limits; Compliance.** Solve.Care may (but is not required to) monitor your use of the Developer Resources and how your Care Networks interact with the Solve.Care Platform, including to ensure your compliance with these Terms. You agree to cooperate with our reasonable inquiries and, upon request, provide us with proof that your use of the Developer Resources and your Care Networks comply with these Terms. From time to time Solve.Care may also place limits on access (e.g., limits on number of API calls).
1. **Restrictions.** We expect all developers to respect Solve.Care, end users and other third parties. You will not (and will not permit anyone else to): (a) use the Developer Resources except with the Solve.Care Platform as permitted in these Terms; (b) sublicense, sell, distribute or grant third parties access to the Developer Resources, other than your agents and contractors (see Section 4) or as permitted in the Developer Documentation (e.g., distributable elements of SDKs); (c) use the Developer Resources for competitive purposes, with Care Networks that substantially replicate features of the Solve.Care Platform or to circumvent any intended limitations of the Solve.Care Platform (e.g., payment of fees or user access structures); (d) reverse engineer, modify or create derivative works of the Developer Resources; (e) access the Developer Resources through means other than the tokens and credentials we provide; (f) make calls using a Care Network not driven by bona fide end user requests (except for reasonable testing); (g) publish benchmarks or performance information regarding the Developer Resources; (g) test the performance, bandwidth or capacity of the Developer Resources or Solve.Care Platform or disrupt their integrity or performance; (h) transmit any viruses, illegal content or other harmful materials to the Developer Resources or Solve.Care end users; or (i) take any action that would subject the Developer Resources or Solve.Care Platform to any open source licenses or other third party terms.
1. **Use of Solve.Care Marks.** Subject to these Terms, you may use the appropriate Solve.Care names, logos and trademarks ("Solve.Care Marks") to promote your Care Network’s availability for use with the Solve.Care Platform. Your use of Solve.Care Marks must comply with the Solve.Care Trademark Guidelines and (without limiting Solve.Care's other termination rights) you must promptly cease any use of Solve.Care Marks upon notice by Solve.Care. You receive no other rights to Solve.Care Marks under these Terms. All goodwill arising from use of Solve.Care Marks belongs to Solve.Care.
1. **Your Responsibilities.** You and your Care Networks must meet important standards related to privacy, security, business practices and user experience, as set out below.
   1. Your Care Networks and End Users. You are solely responsible, at your own expense, for your Care Networks (including their operation, components, integrations and support) and your relationships and agreements with end users regarding your Care Networks.
   1. Support. You will provide end users with reasonable web-based and/or email support for your Care Networks. You will also provide Solve.Care with a current email address to which Solve.Care may direct end user inquiries about your Care Networks and designate a support contact (name and email address) for Solve.Care.
   1. End User Data. An end user may enable you or your Care Network to access certain of its data, content or information within the Solve.Care Platform ("End User Data"). You may access and process End User Data only to the extent enabled by the end user and as necessary to provide your Care Networks to that end user. You will ensure that all End User Data is collected, processed, transmitted, maintained and used in accordance with: (i) your agreement with the end user if applicable, a legally adequate privacy policy, and appropriate notices to and consents from end users, (ii) all laws, rules, regulations or orders, including those relating to data privacy, data transfer, international communications or the export of technical or personal data ("Laws"), and (iii) industry-standard technical, administrative and physical security measures that protect the security and privacy of all End User Data.  Solve.Care is not responsible for any regulatory action or claim to which you may be subject in connection with your Care Networks. Solve.Care is also not responsible for any transmission, disclosure, modification or deletion of End User Data in the Solve.Care Platform by, through or resulting from a Care Network.
   1. Security Breaches. In case of any suspected or actual security breach affecting your Care Network or End User Data, you must immediately notify Solve.Care and cooperate with Solve.Care to remediate the issue and mitigate its effects. You must obtain Solve.Care's approval for any security breach notifications to end users that refer directly or indirectly to Solve.Care.
   1. Solve.Care Customer Terms. Use of the Solve.Care Platform requires each end user to have a valid subscription subject to the Solve.Care Terms of Service. You will not facilitate or encourage any end user to violate the Solve.Care Terms of Service or Acceptable Use Policy. For clarity, if Solve.Care receives any data from you or your Care Networks on an end user's behalf, such data will be subject solely to the Solve.Care Terms of Service with the end user, and such data will no longer be subject to your own terms with the end user.
   1. Fees. You may not directly or indirectly charge end users for use of, or access to, the functionality of the Developer Resources. If you charge any fees for your Care Networks, you are solely responsible for collecting those fees. These Terms grant you no right to distribute or resell the Developer Resources or Solve.Care Platform.
   1. Your Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that: (i) you have full power and authority to enter into and perform these Terms and to exploit your Care Networks without violating any other agreement; (ii) your Care Networks and their use will not violate any Laws or third party rights (including intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy or publicity), and you will notify Solve.Care if your Care Networks become subject to any claim or complaint regarding violation of Laws or third party rights; (iii) all information you provide to Solve.Care is and will be true, accurate and complete (and you will keep such information up-to-date); and (iv) you will not interfere with Solve.Care's business practices or the way in which it licenses or distributes the Solve.Care Platform or Developer Resources. You agree not to: (A) suggest any affiliation with Solve.Care (including that Solve.Care sponsors, endorses or guarantees your Care Networks) except for the relationship expressly contemplated in these Terms or (B) make any representations, warranties or commitments on Solve.Care's behalf or regarding the Developer Resources or Solve.Care Platform.
   1. Indemnification. You will indemnify, defend (at Solve.Care's request) and hold harmless Solve.Care and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, end users and licensees from and against any regulatory actions, claims, losses, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), damages or liabilities based on or arising from (i) your Care Networks, (ii) your relationships or interactions with any end users or third parties in connection with your Care Networks, or (iii) your breach or alleged breach of these Terms. Solve.Care may, at its own expense, participate in the defense and settlement of any claim with its own counsel, and you may not settle a claim without Solve.Care's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld).
1. **Feedback.** You may, but are not obligated to, provide to Solve.Care suggestions, fixes, modifications, feature requests or other feedback, whether verbally or in written or source code form, including any and all test results, error data, bugs, reports or other information, however learned and by whomever collected, relating to the Sites and Content (“Feedback”). 
1. **Care Network Discovery.** Solve.Care may make available Care Network listings or other features that allow end users to discover or enable Care Networks ("Care Network Discovery"). Your participation in Care Network Discovery is optional and may be subject to additional terms provided by Solve.Care. If you choose to participate in Care Network Discovery, Solve.Care may use and display any assets you provide for such purpose on our website and/or the Solve.Care Platform.
1. **Ownership.** Solve.Care does not claim ownership of your Care Networks (other than our own technology) and you reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms. Solve.Care and its licensors retain all ownership and other rights (including all intellectual property rights) in the Developer Resources, Solve.Care Platform and our related technology. Providing feedback, comments, or suggestions about the Developer Program or Developer Resources ("Feedback") to Solve.Care is wholly voluntary. Solve.Care may freely use Feedback for any purpose.
1. **Support; Changes.** Solve.Care has no obligation to provide maintenance or support for the Developer Resources or your Care Networks, or to fix any errors or defects. Solve.Care may change the Developer Resources from time to time as our business changes and technology evolves, and future versions of the Developer Resources may not be compatible with Care Networks built using previous versions. We typically make these changes as part our overall Developer Program and are unable to provide notice of the changes to developers individually. Solve.Care will have no liability resulting from these changes.
1. **Termination and Suspension.** These Terms remain in effect until terminated.
   1. By Developer. Developer may terminate these Terms at any time by ceasing all use of the Developer Resources.
   1. By Solve.Care. Solve.Care may terminate or suspend these Terms or your access to or right to use the Developer Resources (in whole or in part): (i) for no reason or any reason upon fifteen (15) days' notice to you, (ii) immediately (A) if you breach any provision of these Terms, (B) if Solve.Care is required to do so by Laws, (C) if Solve.Care ceases offering the Developer Resources, (D) in case of any security breach or other concern under Section 9.d (Security Breaches), or (E) if Solve.Care otherwise determines in its discretion that such action is necessary to avoid harm, liability or reputational damage to Solve.Care, the Developer Resources, the Solve.Care Platform, or any end user.
   1. Effect of Termination. Upon any termination, (i) your rights to use the Developer Resources and Solve.Care Marks will immediately terminate and you will cease all such use, (ii) you will return or destroy all Confidential Information (as requested by Solve.Care), and (iii) Sections 9 (Your Responsibilities), 11 (Ownership), and 13 (Termination and Suspension) through 24 (General) will survive. After termination, you will have no further access to any data or content that you submitted to Solve.Care relating to the Developer Resources.
   1. No Obligation or Liability. Solve.Care will have no obligation or liability resulting from termination, suspension or disablement as described in this Section 13.
1. **Disclaimer of Warranties.** TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND SOLVE.CARE AND ITS THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE. SOLVE.CARE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE RELATED TO RELIABILITY, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES, THAT SOLVE.CARE WILL CONTINUE TO OFFER THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES OR THAT USE OF THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR MEET DEVELOPER'S REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS. You may have other statutory rights, in which case the disclaimers above will apply to the full extent permitted by law.
1. **Limitations of Liability.** TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SOLVE.CARE BE LIABLE (i) FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, FAILURE OF SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA), EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE OR (ii) IN ANY EVENT, FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES EXCEEDING ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (\$100), ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, USE OF THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES, YOUR CARE NETWORKS OR THEIR COMBINATION OR INTERACTION WITH THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES OR SOLVE.CARE PLATFORM. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, SOLVE.CARE HAS NO WARRANTY, INDEMNIFICATION OR OTHER OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO YOUR CARE NETWORKS OR THEIR COMBINATION, INTERACTION OR USE WITH THE DEVELOPER RESOURCES OR SOLVE.CARE PLATFORM. You acknowledge and agree that this Section 15 reflects a reasonable allocation of risk and will apply regardless of the form of action or legal theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, and that Solve.Care would not enter into these Terms without these liability limitations. This Section will survive even if any limited remedy fails of its essential purpose.
1. **Solve.Care Confidential Information.** Any non-public elements of the Developer Resources and any other information disclosed by Solve.Care that is marked as confidential or proprietary or that should reasonably be understood to be confidential or proprietary from the circumstances of disclosure is "Confidential Information."  Confidential Information does not include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public; (ii) was known to you before its disclosure by Solve.Care; or (iii) is received from a third party, in each case without breach of an obligation owed to Solve.Care or anyone else. You will (A) maintain Confidential Information in confidence (using at least the same measures as for your own confidential information, and no less than reasonable care) and not divulge it to any third party and (B) only use Confidential Information to fulfill your obligations under these Terms. If you are compelled by law to disclose Confidential Information, you must provide Solve.Care with prior notice of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance if Solve.Care wishes to contest the disclosure. If you breach or threaten breach of this Section 16, it could cause substantial harm for which damages are inadequate and Solve.Care will have the right to seek injunctive relief in addition to other remedies.
1. **Independent Development:** Information You Provide Not Confidential. Solve.Care develops a variety of offerings and works with many other developers and partners, and either Solve.Care or these third parties could in the future develop (or already have developed) products, services, concepts or features similar to yours. Nothing limits Solve.Care's right to do so, though this Section itself does not grant us any license under your intellectual property rights. Unless separately set forth in another agreement, Solve.Care has no confidentiality obligations for information you submit in connection with the Developer Program.
1. **Usage Data.** In addition to Solve.Care's other rights, Solve.Care may collect certain data and information regarding your use of the Developer Resources, including data about your data pulls or requests, and your Care Networks ("Usage Data"). We may use and exploit Usage Data for any purpose in connection with operating, improving and supporting the Developer Program and Developer Resources.
1. **Changes to Terms.** We may change these Terms from time to time as our business changes and technology evolves. Solve.Care will use reasonable efforts to notify you of changes to these Terms as provided in Section 22 (Notices). You may be required to click through the modified Terms to show your acceptance and in any event your continued use of the Developer Resources after the modification constitutes your acceptance to the modifications. If you do not agree to the modified Terms, your sole remedy is to terminate your use of the Developer Resources as described in Section 13 (Termination and Suspension).
1. **Open Source Software.** Certain code in the Developer Resources (e.g., SDKs) may be licensed under or include components subject to "open source" software terms ("OSS"), as listed in the Developer Documentation. The OSS licenses may grant you additional rights to the OSS code itself and allow you to use the OSS outside of our Developer Program. To be clear, though, when you use the OSS as part of our Developer Program, you must comply with these Terms.
1. **Pre-Release Versions.** Solve.Care may make available certain Developer Resources on a pre-release or early access basis ("Pre-Release Versions"). Use of Pre-Release Versions may be subject to additional terms designated by Solve.Care. Pre-Release Versions are optional and either party may terminate use at any time for any reason. If you choose to use a Pre-Release Version, you agree to provide Feedback at our reasonable request. Pre-Release Versions may be inoperable, incomplete or include features that Solve.Care may never release, and their features and performance information are Solve.Care's Confidential Information.
1. **Notices.** Solve.Care may provide you with notices and communications at your email or physical address on file, or other reasonable means. Any notices or communications to Solve.Care must be sent to <legal@solve.care>
1. **Communication.** Solve.Care will correspond with you from time to time to communicate technical information, updates and/or changes regarding the Content. With your consent, Solve.Care may also send you marketing materials. You should review the Solve.Care Privacy Policy, located at \_\_\_\_\_ which explains Solve.Care’s policy for collecting and using data. 
1. **Export.** The Developer Resources may be subject to export restrictions by the United States government and import restrictions by certain foreign governments, and you agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations in your use of the Developer Resources. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
1. **General.** These Terms are the parties' entire agreement and supersede any prior or concurrent agreements relating to its subject matter. Except as set forth in Section 19 (Changes to Terms), all amendments or modifications must be in writing and signed by both parties. The words "including" and similar terms are to be construed without limitation. Failure to enforce any provision is not a waiver and all waivers must be in writing. If any provision is found to be unenforceable it (and related provisions) will be interpreted to best accomplish its intended purpose. Developer may not assign, transfer or delegate any right or obligations under these Terms and any non-permitted assignment is void. Solve.Care may assign these Terms and its rights and obligations to any of its affiliates or in connection with a merger, reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of its assets or voting securities to which these Terms relate. The parties are independent contractors and these Terms do not create any agency, partnership, or joint venture. These Terms will be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed in Delaware by Delaware residents. The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in and serving Delaware. Solve.Care will not be liable to Developer for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these Terms if the delay or failure is due to unforeseen events that are beyond its reasonable control. The Developer Resources include commercial computer software. If the user or licensee of such technology is an agency, department, or other entity of the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure or transfer of such technology, or any related documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted by these Terms in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The Developer Resources were developed fully at private expense. All other use is prohibited.

